Run server migration steps in correct sequence (#3174)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/server-migration-suma.adoc

GPG keys that are trusted in the RPM database only are not migrated.
Thus synchronizing channels with [command]``spacewalk-repo-sync`` can fail.

> The administrator must migrate these keys manually from the 4.3 installation to the container host before the actual server migration.

Reviewer: I am ignorant about that part (the GPG keys).

Author: I changed this again. I should have thought twice about it.

GPG keys that are trusted in the RPM database only are not migrated.
Thus synchronizing channels with [command]``spacewalk-repo-sync`` can fail.

The administrator must migrate these keys manually from the 4.3 installation to the container host after the actual server migration.

1. Copy the keys from the 4.3 server to the container host of the new server.

> 2. Later, add the keys to the container with [command]``mgradm gpg add ...``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Later, add each key to the migrated server with the [command]``mgradm gpg add <PATH_TO_KEY_FILE>``.
```

If the agent is not active yet, initiate it by running [command]``eval $(ssh-agent)``.
Then, add the SSH key to the running agent with [command]``ssh-add </path/to/the/private/key>``.
You will be prompted to enter the password for the private key during this process.
====

. Copy the public SSH key to the {productname} 4.3 Server ([literal]``<oldserver.fqdn>``) with [command]``ssh-copy-id``.
  Replace [literal]``<oldserver.fqdn>`` with the FQDN of the 4.3 server:
+

----
ssh-copy-id <old server.fqdn>
----
+

  The SSH key will be copied into the old server's [path]``~/.ssh/authorized_keys`` file.
  For more information, see the [literal]``ssh-copy-id`` manpage.
+

// . This step is optional:
//   The migration script only uses the 4.3 server's FQDN in the SSH command.
//   This means that every other configuration required to connect, needs to be defined in the [path]``~/.ssh/config`` file.

. Establish an SSH connection from the new server to the old {productname} Server to check that no password is needed.
  Also there must not by any problem with the host fingerprint.
  In case of trouble, remove old fingerprints from the [path]``~/.ssh/known_hosts`` file.
  Then try again.

>   The fingerprint will be stored in the local [path]``~/.ssh/known_hosts`` file.

Reviewer: that's perfect!

== Prepare the SSH Connection

.Procedure: Preparing the SSH connection

. Ensure that for [systemitem]``root`` an SSH key exists on the new {productnumber} server.
  If a key does not exist, create it with:
+

----
ssh-keygen -t rsa
----

> 

Reviewer: ok

. The SSH configuration and agent should be ready on the new server for a passwordless connection to the 4.3 server.
+

[NOTE]
====

> To establish a passwordless connection, the migration script relies on an SSH agent running on the {productnumber} server.

Reviewer: on which server?

I guess on the new one

Author: yes.  I think I better replace with "new" here.

If the agent is not active yet, initiate it by running [command]``eval $(ssh-agent)``.

> Then, add the SSH key to the running agent with [command]``ssh-add``; if the key is not in a standard file, provide it as an argument such as [command]``ssh-add </path/to/the/private/key>``.

Reviewer: "if the key is not in a standard file" ???

this sounds plain wrong to me -- where does that come from ?

suggested:

Then, add the SSH key to the running agent with [command]``ssh-add`` followed by the path to the private key.

Author: ok
